Eu criei uma lista de fórmulas comuns em outros sistemas (matlab, sql, delphi, etc)
Estas fórmulas ainda precisam ser implementadas

Compatibility functions
COVAR	Returns the covariance, mean deviation of products for each series of observations.
MODE	Returns the most common value of a data series.
STDEV	Evaluates the standard deviation of a population according to a sample of this population .
VAR	Calculates the variance according to a sample.
Date and time functions
DATE	Returns the series number for a specific date.
DATEVALUE	Converts a date represented in text format into serial number.
DAY	Converts a series number into a day of the month.
DAYS360	Returns the number of days between two dates according to a 360-day year.
EDATE	Returns the series number of the date that represents a specific date (start_date argument), corrected plus or minus the specified number of months.
EOMONTH	Returns the series number of the last day of the month before or after a specified number of months from start_date.
HOUR	Converts a series number into hour (included between 1 and 12).
MINUTE	Converts a series number into minute (included between 0 and 59).
MONTH	Converts a series number into month (included between 1 and 12).
NETWORKDAYS	Returns the number of whole workdays included between two dates.
NETWORKDAYS.INTL	Returns the number of whole workdays between two dates via parameters identifying the weekend days and their number.
NOW	Returns the series number of today's date and time.
SECOND	Coverts a series number into second (between 0 and 59).
TIME	Returns the series number of a specific time.
TIMEVALUE	Converts a date represented in text format into serial number.
TODAY	Returns the series number of today's date.
WEEKDAY	Converts a series number into a day of the week (included between 0 and 7).
WEEK.NUM	Converts a series number into a number representing the week number in the year.
WORKDAY	Returns the series number of the date before or after the specified number of days.
WORKDAY.INTL	Returns the series number of the date before or after the specified number of days by specifying the parameters that identify and count the days included in the weekend.
YEAR	Converts a series number into year.
YEARFRAC	Returns the fraction of the year representing the number of whole days separating the start date from the end date.
Engineering functions
CONVERT	Converts a number from a measurement unit to another one.
DEC2BIN	Converts a decimal number into binary number.
DEC2HEX	Converts a decimal number into hexadecimal number.
GESTEP	Checks whether a number is greater than a threshold value.
HEX2BIN	Converts an hexadecimal number into binary number.
HEX2DEC	Converts an hexadecimal number into decimal number.
HEX2OCT	Converts an hexadecimal number into octal number.
OCT2BIN	Converts an octal number into binary number.
OCT2DEC	Converts an octal number into decimal number.
OCT2HEX	Converts an octal number into hexadecimal number.
Information functions
CELL	Returns information about the layout, the location and the content of a cell. NOTE This function is not available in Excel Web App.
ISBLANK	Returns TRUE if the value argument is empty.
ISERR	Returns TRUE if the value argument refers to an error value, except #N/A.
ISERROR	Returns TRUE if the value argument refers to an error value.
ISEVEN	Returns TRUE if the digit is even.
ISLOGICAL	Returns TRUE if the value argument refers to a logical value.
ISNA	Returns TRUE if the value argument refers to the #N/A error value.
ISNONTEXT	Returns TRUE if the value argument is not presented in text format.
ISNUMBER	Returns TRUE if the value argument represents a number.
ISODD	Returns TRUE if the digit is odd.
ISREF	Returns TRUE if the value argument is a reference.
ISTEXT	Returns TRUE if the value argument is presented in text format.
N	Returns a value converted into number.
NA	Returns the #N/A error value.
TYPE	Returns a number indicating the data type of a value.
Logical functions
AND	Returns TRUE if all its arguments are TRUE.
FALSE	Returns the logical value FALSE.
IF	Specifies a logical test to run.
IFERROR	Returns a specific value if a formula generates an error ; otherwise, returns the result of the formula.
NOT	
OR	Returns TRUE if one of the arguments if TRUE.
TRUE	Returns the logical value TRUE.
Search and reference functions
ADDRESS	Returns a reference in text format to a single cell of a worksheet.
AREAS	Returns the number of areas in a reference.
CHOOSE	Chooses a value in a list.
COLUMN	Returns the column number of a reference.
COLUMNS	Returns the number of columns in a reference.
HLOOKUP	Performs a search in the first row of a matrix and returns the value of the specified cell.
INDIRECT	Returns a reference indicated by a text value.
LOOKUP	Searches for values in a vector or in a matrix.
MATCH	Searches for values in a reference or in a matrix.
OFFSET	Returns a reference shifted in relation to a given reference.
ROW	Returns the row number of a reference.
ROWS	Returns the number of rows in a reference.
TRANSPOSE	Returns the transposition of a matrix.
VLOOKUP	Performs a search in the first column of a matrix and moves on the row to return the value of a cell.
Mathematical and trigonometric functions
ABS	Returns the absolute value of a number.
ACOS	Returns the arc cosine of a number.
ACOSH	Returns the reverse hyperbolic cosine of a number.
AGGREGATE	Returns an aggregate in a list or database.
ASIN	Returns the arc sine of a number.
ASINH	Returns the reverse hyperbolic sine of a number.
ATAN	Returns the arc tangent of a number.
ATAN2	Returns the arc tangent of the x and y coordinates.
ATANH	Returns the reverse hyperbolic tangent of a number.
CEILING	Rounds a number to the nearest integer number or to the nearest multiple of the precision argument by going away from zero.
CEILING.PRECISE	Rounds a number to the nearest integer number or to the nearest multiple of the precision argument by going away from zero. Regardless of its sign, this number is rounded to the greater integer.
COMBIN	Returns the number of combinations that can be obtained from a given number of objects.
COS	Returns the cosine of a number.
COSH	Returns the hyperbolic cosine of a number.
DEGREES	Converts radians into degrees.
EVEN	Rounds a number to the nearest even integer number by going away from zero.
EXP	Returns e raised to the power of a given number.
FACT	Returns the factorial of a number.
FACTDOUBLE	Returns the double factorial of a number.
FLOOR	Rounds a number by tending towards 0 (zero).
FLOOR.PRECISE	Rounds a number to the nearest integer number or to the nearest multiple of the precision argument by tending towards zero. Regardless of its sign, this number is rounded to the lower integer.
GCD	Returns the greatest common divisor.
INT	Rounds a number of the immediately lower integer.
ISO.CEILING	Returns a number rounded to the nearest integer or to the nearest multiple of the precision argument by going away from zero.
LCM	Returns the lowest common multiple.
LN	Returns the Napierian logarithm of a number.
LOG	Returns the logarithm of a number in the specified base.
LOG10	Calculates the logarithm of a number in base 10.
MDETERM	Returns the determinant of a matrix.
MINVERSE	Returns the reverse matrix of a matrix.
MMULT	Returns the product of two matrices.
MOD	Returns the remainder of a division.
MROUND	Gives the rounding of a number to the specified multiple.
ODD	Returns the number, rounded to the value of the nearest odd integer number by going away from zero.
PI	Returns the value of Pi.
POWER	Returns the value of the number raised to a power.
PRODUCT	Multiplies its arguments.
QUOTIENT	Returns the integer part of the division result.
RADIANS	Converts degrees into radians.
RAND	Returns a random number included between 0 and 1.
RANDBETWEEN	Returns a random number between the specified numbers.
ROUND	Rounds a number to the specified number of digits.
ROUNDDOWN	Rounds a number by tending towards 0 (zero).
ROUNDUP	Rounds a number to the greater integer, by going away from zero.
SIGN	Returns the sign of a number.
SIN	Returns the sine of a given angle.
SINH	Returns hyperbolic sine of a number.
SQRT	Returns the square root of a number.
SQRTPI	Returns the square root of (number * pi).
SUM	Calculates the sum of its arguments.
SUMIF	Adds the specified cells if they match a given criterion.
SUMIFS	Adds the cells of a range that match several criteria.
SUMPRODUCT	Multiplies the corresponding values of specified matrices and calculate the sum of these products.
SUMSQ	Returns the sum of squared arguments.
TAN	Returns the tangent of a number.
TANH	Returns the hyperbolic tangent of a number.
TRUNC	Returns the integer part of a number.
Statistical functions
AVEDEV	Returns the average deviation observed in the mean of data points.
AVERAGE	Returns the mean of its arguments.
AVERAGEA	Returns the mean of its arguments, including numbers, text and logical values.
AVERAGEIF	Returns the arithmetic mean of all cells found in a range that mach the given criteria.
COUNT	Defines the numbers included in the list of arguments.
COUNTA	Defines the number of values included in the list of arguments.
COUNTBLANK	Counts the number of empty cells in a range.
COUNTIF	Counts the number of cells that match a given criterion in a range.
COUNTIFS	Counts the number of cells inside a range that match several criteria.
MAX	Returns the maximum value found in a list of arguments.
MAXA	Returns the maximum value found in a list of arguments, including numbers, text and logical values.
MEDIAN	Returns the median value of given numbers.
MIN	Returns the minimum value found in a list of arguments.
MINA	Returns the minimum value found in a list of arguments, including numbers, text and logical values.
Text functions
ASC	Changes the English characters coded on two bytes found inside a character string into characters coded on one byte.
CHAR	Returns the character specified by the numeric code.
CLEAN	Deletes all the control characters from the text.
CODE	Returns the code number of the first character found in the text.
CONCATENATE	Concatenates several textual elements in order to get a single one.
DOLLAR	Converts a number into text by using the currency format $ (Dollar).
EXACT	Checks whether two text values are identical.
FIXED	Converts a number to text format with the specified number of decimals.
LEFT, LEFTB	Returns the characters found at the left extremity of a character string.
LEN, LENB	Returns the number of characters found in a text string.
LOWER	Converts the text into lowercase characters.
PROPER	Writes the first letter of each word in uppercase in a textual string.
REPLACE, REPLACEB	Replaces characters in a text.
REPT	Repeats a text a given number of times.
RIGHT, RIGHTB	Returns the characters found at the right extremity of a character string.
SEARCH, SEARCHB	Finds a text in another text (while ignoring the case).
SUBSTITUTE	Replaces the former text of a character string by a new one.
T	Converts its arguments into text.
TEXT	Converts a number to text format.
TRIM	Deletes the space characters from the text.
UPPER	Converts the text into uppercase characters.
VALUE	Converts a textual argument into number.